Merge Release/3.8.0 into trunk (#1061)
Prospress/action-scheduler: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 3.8.0 - 2024-05-22 =

> * Bump "Tested up to" version to 6.5.
> * Fix typos in perf.md.
> * Merge Release/3.7.4 into trunk.
> * Tweak - WP 6.5 compatibility.
> * Update minimum requirements for WordPress (and PHP). Fix test matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Documentation - Fixed typos in perf.md.
* Update - We now require WordPress 6.3 or higher.
* Update - We now require PHP 7.0 or higher.
```

Updating to match the changelog.txt file
